# Android-Health-App

#This app is the term project of BLG411E 2017 Fall Term Course.


“HealthHub” is about creating a general-purpose health application on Android platform. The application will include a nutrition table which contains the users’ diet programs. The table will provide information about the protein, fat and carbohydrate values of the nutrition and the total calorie values for meals. Users can login to the system by their Gmail and Facebook accounts and create their profiles by giving information about themselves. On account creation, there will be questions about users’ health condition. Especially, the medicines which are used regularly will be asked.  Furthermore, the diabetes diagnosis will be asked to the users. The reason of the question is that diabetes patients will have a more detailed nutrition table which contains information about glycemic index values of the nutrients and the information about the carbohydrate count of the foods. Carbohydrate count is very important for diabetes patients since the insulin doses are regulated according these values. The glycemic index values are also very important since the nutrition which has high glycemic index values like the chocolates or deserts make much harder to regulate the diet program of the diabetes patients. The application will make it far easier for the users to count the values per meal. In addition, type-1 diabetes patients will have an additional feature to save the insulin doses and the hunger and the fullness sugar values on the system. The system will make considerably easier to keep track their insulin doses, nutrition selections and blood sugar values. The other important feature of the application is that the users can save their medicine schedule on the system with date and time. If a user needs to take medicines for a limited period, the user will be able to save the medicine schedule on the system for designated date and time. On the other hand, the system will be able to schedule the medicines that needs to be taken regularly with the information given by the user. The medicines which are taken by the users in the past will be saved on the system and the users will be able to reach their medicine history. As a result, when the users visit the doctor or dietician, they can show their medicine history to the health officer. This prevents forgetting the medicine which are taken in the past and the negative effects that can be appeared due to forgetting. The side effects of the medicines can be diagnosed by the help of the application. Another important feature of the application is that the sport activities can be saved to the system. As a consequence, the users will be able to plan their sport activities. The last feature of the application is the users can save their medical analysis reports such as blood and urine tests with the date and results. Finally, the doctors and dieticians can reach the users’ profile pages with their permission to observe their health and diet status. They can give advices to the users in the system according to their observations.
